feat(changelog): jobs-added-serverless-jobs-improved-logs-for-retries 2026-07-17 (#6709)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/july2026/2026-07-17-jobs-added-serverless-jobs-improved-logs-for-retries.mdx

---
title: Serverless Jobs improved logs for Retries
status: added
date: 2026-07-17
category: serverless
product: jobs
---

> To improve Serverless Jobs new [Retries](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless-jobs/concepts/#retries) feature, we improved the Logs visualisation by adding the attempt number for each line of log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve the new Serverless Job [Retries](/serverless-jobs/concepts/#retries) feature, we improved the logs visualization by adding the attempt number for each line of log.
```
